ARUN 
user@gmail.com|| +91 99999 99999 || Tamil Nadu,India || https://www.linkedin.com/in/arun/ || https://github.com/arun 
 
 Qualification:
 B.E. ECE in Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Sathyamangalam, Tamil Nadu (2016-2020), Awarded
 as “Best Outgoing Student of 2020 with Dr. R Subbayyan Gold Medal“
 
 Major Projects:
 ● Image classification using Transfer Learning: Able to classify the images based on the knowledge
 from the pertained model rather than training from scratch. It is described in four steps such as data
 preparation, feature extraction from the vgg16 model, training the custom layer and prediction.
 Keywords: computer vision, vgg16, feature extraction, relu/sigmoid activation function, adam
 optimizers, one-hot encoding.
 ● Compute contextual similarity: Released the package in pypi to compute the similarity between two
 sentences based on context. Each text based data are convert into the numerical representation
 called vector of n dimension(varies based on bert variants) Keywords: nlp, bert and its variant,
 similarity metrics (cosine, euclidean, manhattan, minkowski), pypi, linear algebra.
 ● Next Sentence Prediction using LSTM: Designed a pipeline that trains with the huge corpus and
 tries to predict the next word based on the corpus learned while the user types the input word
 Keywords: nlp, LSTM, nltk.
 ● Spam or Ham detection using various nlp techniques: Tries to predict whether the given mail is
 spam or ham using word2vec, doc2vec, tf-idf, RNN and also created the comparative analysis
 between these model accuracies. Keywords: nlp, word2vec, doc2vec, tf-idf ,RNN.
 ● Language translation from english to tamil : Gathered the data for english to tamil languages and
 developed a tool to translate the english to tamil language using transformers. Keywords: nlp,
 transformers.
 ● Image Generation using vanilla GAN: Generates the fake images based on the image we have
 trained using the discriminator and generator concepts. Keyword: computer vision, GAN,
 discriminator, generator
 ● Model Agnostic Meta Learning: Technique to train the model faster to the new task with few steps
 than the classic model training. Keywords: meta learning, maml.
 ● Count push ups based on pose estimation: Developed a program that monitors the person and
 estimates the pose of the person based on mediapipe. It counts and displays the number of pushups
 taken by the person. Keywords: computer vision, mediapipe, pose estimation
 ● Business card using AR: Created an application that scans an image target and renders the website,
 images, videos and information to our profiles. Keywords: AR, unity
 
 Designations Held:
 ● Machine Learning Engineer at RFPIO Inc (Mar, 2023- Present)
 ● Associate Machine Learning Engineer at RFPIO Inc (Nov 2020- Feb 2023)
 ● Student Intern at RFPIO Inc (May 2020- Nov 2020)
 
 Skills:
 ● Python ● C ● C++ ●Embedded C ●HTML●JavaScript ● Keras ● PyTorch ● Tensorflow
 ● Sklearn ● Flask ● SQL ● Ngrok ● Git ● Docker Boards: Arudino, Raspberry pi, node mcu.